README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/alphagov/verify-tech-specs.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/alphagov/verify-tech-specs)

# tech-spec
Playground for technical specification content design

# Technical Documentation

## Getting started

To preview or build the website, we need to use the terminal.

Install Ruby with Rubygems, perferably with a [Ruby version manager][rvm],
and the [Bundler gem][bundler].

In the application folder type the following to install the required gems:

```
bundle install
```

## Making changes

To make changes edit the source files in the `source` folder.

Although a single page of HTML is generated the markdown is spread across
multiple files to make it easier to manage. They can be found in
`source/documentation`.

A new markdown file isn't automatically included in the generated output. If we
add a new markdown file at the location `source/documentation/agile/scrum.md`,
the following snippet in `source/index.html.md.erb`, includes it in the
generated output.

```
<%= partial 'documentation/agile/scrum' %>
```

Including files manually like this lets us specify the position they appear in
the page.

## Preview

Whilst writing documentation we can run a middleman server to preview how the
published version will look in the browser. After saving a change the preview in
the browser will automatically refresh.

The preview is only available on our own computer. Others won't be able to
access it if they are given the link.

Type the following to start the server:

```
bundle exec middleman server
```

If all goes well something like the following output will be displayed:

```
== The Middleman is loading
== LiveReload accepting connections from ws://192.168.0.8:35729
== View your site at "http://Laptop.local:4567", "http://192.168.0.8:4567"
== Inspect your site configuration at "http://Laptop.local:4567/__middleman", "http://192.168.0.8:4567/__middleman"
```

You should now be able to view a live preview at http://localhost:4567.

## Build

If you want to publish the website without using a build script you may need to
build the static HTML files.

Type the following to build the HTML:

```
bundle exec middleman build
```

This will create a `build` subfolder in the application folder which contains
the HTML and asset files ready to be published.

[rvm]: https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/documentation/installation/#managers
[bundler]: http://bundler.io/

## Code of conduct

Please refer to the `alphagov` [code of conduct](https://github.com/alphagov/code-of-conduct).

## Licence

Unless stated otherwise, the codebase is released under the [MIT License](LICENSE). This covers both the codebase and any sample code in the documentation.
The documentation is [© Crown copyright](http://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/information-management/re-using-public-sector-information/copyright-and-re-use/crown-copyright/) and available under the terms of the [Open Government 3.0 licence](https://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/3/).

Commit message:

Update README.md to mark repo as archived
As agreed in [verify-architecture ADR 0039](https://github.com/alphagov/verify-architecture/blob/master/adr/0039-use-prs-before-archiving-repos.md), a PR must be approved by all engineers on the team before being archived.

Approving this PR indicates approval for this repo to be archived.

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/alphagov/verify-tech-specs.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/alphagov/verify-tech-specs)

# tech-spec
Playground for technical specification content design

>**GOV.UK Verify has closed**
>
>This repository is out of date and has been archived

# Technical Documentation

## Getting started

To preview or build the website, we need to use the terminal.

Install Ruby with Rubygems, perferably with a [Ruby version manager][rvm],
and the [Bundler gem][bundler].

In the application folder type the following to install the required gems:

```
bundle install
```

## Making changes

To make changes edit the source files in the `source` folder.

Although a single page of HTML is generated the markdown is spread across
multiple files to make it easier to manage. They can be found in
`source/documentation`.

A new markdown file isn't automatically included in the generated output. If we
add a new markdown file at the location `source/documentation/agile/scrum.md`,
the following snippet in `source/index.html.md.erb`, includes it in the
generated output.

```
<%= partial 'documentation/agile/scrum' %>
```

Including files manually like this lets us specify the position they appear in
the page.

## Preview

Whilst writing documentation we can run a middleman server to preview how the
published version will look in the browser. After saving a change the preview in
the browser will automatically refresh.

The preview is only available on our own computer. Others won't be able to
access it if they are given the link.

Type the following to start the server:

```
bundle exec middleman server
```

If all goes well something like the following output will be displayed:

```
== The Middleman is loading
== LiveReload accepting connections from ws://192.168.0.8:35729
== View your site at "http://Laptop.local:4567", "http://192.168.0.8:4567"
== Inspect your site configuration at "http://Laptop.local:4567/__middleman", "http://192.168.0.8:4567/__middleman"
```

You should now be able to view a live preview at http://localhost:4567.

## Build

If you want to publish the website without using a build script you may need to
build the static HTML files.

Type the following to build the HTML:

```
bundle exec middleman build
```

This will create a `build` subfolder in the application folder which contains
the HTML and asset files ready to be published.

[rvm]: https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/documentation/installation/#managers
[bundler]: http://bundler.io/

## Code of conduct

Please refer to the `alphagov` [code of conduct](https://github.com/alphagov/code-of-conduct).

## Licence

Unless stated otherwise, the codebase is released under the [MIT License](LICENSE). This covers both the codebase and any sample code in the documentation.
The documentation is [© Crown copyright](http://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/information-management/re-using-public-sector-information/copyright-and-re-use/crown-copyright/) and available under the terms of the [Open Government 3.0 licence](https://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/doc/open-government-licence/version/3/).
